---
id: c5mvu88t
title: Milestone 2
file_version: 1.1.2
app_version: 1.8.0
---

### Commit draft Milestone 2 - road map

*   New Drafts Store for the new format.

*   Connect to new editor page component.

*   Save the doc (Commit).

*   Load an existing doc or draft.

*   Repo page drafts.

*   Discard draft.

*   New document.

### Doc page - `https://app.swimm.io/workspaces/:workspaceId/repos/:repoId/branch/:branch/docs/:docId[/edit]`

**New**

*   Generate new draft ID and save an empty draft

*   Navigate to edit doc page

**Load**

*   if draft exists for `docId`:

    *   load draft

*   else:

    *   load file (Committed doc) (How? What code should I use for this?)

**On change**

*   Save the draft (Who? Debounce? Inidication of saving?)

**(Batch) Commit**

*   Commit the drafts

*   Save to database (How? What code should I use for this?)

    <br/>

**STP**

*   **Doc life cycle**
1.  Create Blank doc - create hub modal, from the repo page&homepage

2.  Create Draft - local draft marking, commit button milestone 1 Functionality

3.  Commit the doc - UI (color, Sizes), shows the changes that have been made, commit button is enable

4.  Discard draft

5.  committed doc - View mode (UI adjustments, functionality)

6.  committed doc - Edit mode (UI adjustments, functionality)

7.  Load an existing doc or draft

8.  Repo page drafts - marking, open the drafts
*   **Doc page**

*   ID & URL
1.  New Doc ID - URL

2.  Commit Doc ID - URL

3.  Draft Doc ID - ensure that draft ID does not exist, Generate new draft ID and save an empty draft

4.  Navigate Commit Doc - edit mode ID (URL)

5.  Navigate Commit Doc - view mode ID (URL)
*   **Load**
1.  exist draft - load draft (check `docId`)

2.  commit doc - load file (check `docId`)
*   **Commit action**
1.  Commit hub modal

2.  Commit draft

3.  Batch Commit

4.  Error message - commit (Titles, outdated)

5.  Commit X changes - the number change accordingly

6.  Commit button - X changes (the number change accordingly)
*   **Edge case**
1.  Draft on changes: create draft, make changes - load the draft & save the draft

2.  Batch commit - A combination between valid documents and those that cannot be committed (error message, commit button disable)

    <br/>

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://swimm-web-app.web.app/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBTm9hUmVwbyUzQSUzQU5vYW96ZXI=/docs/c5mvu88t).
